---
label: 
title: "Homovisiones Advertisement"
short_title: Homovisiones Ad
layout: entry
order: 106
presentation: side-by-side
object:
  - id: "006a"
---

Co-founded by Latina/o Caucus member and longtime media and entertainment producer Gonzalo Aburto, Homovisiones was the first Latinx LGBTQ show on cable access in the U.S.  It first aired on community access television in 1994 and ran for 10 years, documenting news, entertainment and pressing issues affecting the Latino communities.  ACT UP Latina/o Caucus members were both behind and in front of the camera, hosting segments or having their actions and organizing efforts featured.

{% backmatter %}

## Exhibitions

*Tradition and Innovation: Recent Additions to the Photographs Collection*, the J. Paul Getty Museum at the Getty Center (Los Angeles), June 20–October 8, 2000; *The Public Record: Photographs of the Great Depression from the J. Paul Getty Museum*, Pomona College Museum of Art (Claremont), March 10–May 19, 2002; *About Life: The Photographs of Dorothea Lange*, the J. Paul Getty Museum at the Getty Center (Los Angeles), October 15, 2002–February 9, 2003; *Photographers of Genius*, the J. Paul Getty Museum at the Getty Center (Los Angeles), March 16–July 25, 2004; *In Focus: The Worker*, the J. Paul Getty Museum at the Getty Center (Los Angeles), November 3, 2009–March 21, 2010; *Route 66: The Road and the Romance*, Autry National Center (Los Angeles), June 7–January 4, 2015.

## Bibliography

Keller, Judith. About Life: The Photographs of Dorothea Lange, exh. brochure (Los Angeles: The J. Paul Getty Museum), cover; Keller, Judith. *In Focus: Dorothea Lange. Photographs from the J. Paul Getty Museum.* (Los Angeles: J. Paul Getty Museum, 2002), p.33; *The J. Paul Getty Museum Handbook of the Collections*. 7th ed. (Los Angeles: J. Paul Getty Museum, 2007), p. 309, ill.

{% endbackmatter %}
